I see the sun arising upon Africa today.
I see the fire and the
glory. I see
the rays of the sun shining upon the
people. I
see the African people with their
faces
looking toward the sun.
In this vision, I
see it is olive
oil—the
Holy Ghost oil running down their
faces. They are dressed in African
garb with tribal
beads. There
is
red on these
outfits and they have headdresses
on. As they are looking toward the
sun, I see a new oil running down their
faces,
and there is a glory on
them.
There
is
nothing around but dirt and
these heights, but as this glory is
falling, oil
is
saturating them. It
like whenever you
dump oil, it spreads,
and the glory of the Lord is coming upon
the African people. I see them
jumping
and
putting their chests out,
making a
noise
and
popping their chests back. They have
beads and paint on
them, but there
is
olive oil coming down on them. He
has
not forgotten you today.
Many think,
'Where
is
the revival for Africa?
Where is the coming of the
King? Where is the Lord? There has been so
much drought
here.'I
see the
drought, but I hear the sound of an
abundance of rain, even down to the
Congo. That is what He just said.
Amidst
great persecution, you
are
going to
see
creative
miracles. This is
going to be
a wave.
A
wave will come and pull, and
another wave will come right on the
heels of the creative miracles. You
are
about to see a wave of
the glory upon this world. It
will come in waves; it will look like one
is
receding, but another
wave will come. In the wave of
this glory, I see body parts.
The wave comes in and it
recedes
back, but before it even has time to
recede
back, another glory wave comes
in. In this wave are eyes, ears,
hands, and feet; body parts from My reserves
are coming unto thee. There will be
creative miracles flowing in Africa
and
America as you
yield to it. I see a Holy Ghost wave
of glory flowing in South America
and hitting all out in the
bush. You will
see the glory of the Lord, and
I will wash it over the people.
It will look
like a washing and a
flow. It will flow
unlike anything you have ever seen before. I
hear
the Lord say,
'It will
be a
flow.'I
see the
eyes, ears,
toes, and what you have been
believing for from these great
silos,
for I am emptying them out.
I hear Him say, 'What
new do you need to hear? I
have
reserved it for today,
for a great move of My presence will be
upon My people.
I will empty the reserves,
for there is no need for it here; this
is
what I call, and it will draw
you near. For it is
My goodness that will
bring
them to
repentance.
My goodness will pass through. It will be My goodness and My mercy that you will
see—something you did not
earn and
did
not
deserve.'I
hear the sound of an abundance of rain,
for it will be the glory. Unto Him be all
the glory. I
am
emptying My silos; they
are
dumping them out. It will come
in on the
waves—a
wave of
glory.
I see
black arms, white arms, brown arms,
and
yellow arms. Creative miracles: blue
eyes, black eyes, brown eyes, and green
eyes. As you walk in My authority, there
will be
healings of hearts, livers,
and
intestines. I see brand new
colons. You might have a
colostomy bag,
but He
is
going to restore back what the
cankerworm
ate. He said, 'There will
be no sick among
you.'Just
like the children of Israel,
they left with no sickness
or
disease. You will walk in the
same; it will be a type and shadow.
This
is
an outpouring over Africa,
South America, and
America.
He says, 'America,
get out of the thinking of the
natural.'If
you resist
this—I
see America and
Africa—it is
happening like ripe
cherries off a tree
for the
people who would just believe. He says,
'But you come up to how you
think it should be.'America
tries
to block it
like with a
dam
because of the traditions of man.
Get out of the natural thinking;
come up higher with Me. Do not be a dam; be a river. Let the Holy Ghost flow like He can
in Africa.
Let Him
flow
through America.
I see
the waves of
glory.
Before a wave is able to
come back, another wave will come on top
of it, for I am emptying My silos.
This is the great finale He has
for us—the greatest finale of all.
His goodness will be displayed upon
everyone.
His goodness and mercy will follow
all over you. I have the greatest
treasures for you. Do
not
become accustomed to what He is about to
do, taking it for granted when you hear
about someone else getting a blessing.
Everything is
precious that you will see.
This is what Kathryn
Kuhlman
desired to see. I heard Him just say
this is what Kathryn Kuhlman desired to
see, and she did not see the full
manifestation of it. She
is
standing
in the great cloud of
witnesses. She is watching,
wearing the same outfit she had on earth with the bell sleeves. She is looking out, anticipating what
she
is about
to
see.
Isn't it amazing
the Lord allows me to
see
the ones who have gone before
us? They
are
anticipating this glorious outpouring.
Kim Clement was there,
and now I see Kathryn
Kuhlman
looking over
a portal.
There is
an edge with grass and Kathryn
Kuhlman is
sitting right there. There is a wall
that
looks like a well,
or
like a TV
screen,
but it is not. It is a well of water.
I can see a
well of water, and they come up and they
can see over into it. It's a round hole,
a portal, showing glimpses of
what's happening in certain parts of the
earth, and they're able to see into it.
It actually has
bricks that are built up around
it;
it looks like a cobblestone well. Catherine
is
looking over this.
There's green grass on this side, and
she's looking over into it. It's like
a picture show,
but if you touched it, you
could interrupt the water. You
know how when you see your
reflection in the water
and if you touch it, it goes away
until the water's calm again? It's like
that. It's a well, and
you can see into it. I can see
her face looking into this.
She's looking over and watching,
anticipating the greatest move of the
Spirit of God that we've ever seen.
They're all anticipating.
The silos are being emptied.
The angelic host
are emptying the silos right now. The
Lord said, 'Why do I have need of them
here?
I've saved them for
today.'It's
now. He saved them for this last show.
This is the grand finale. When you get
up here, they'll be empty. You'll see.
Reach out by faith and receive. That's
what I just heard him say. Reach out
with simple faith as a child and
receive. Don't think like an adult;
think like a child.
He said, 'Come to me as a child.
Reach out by faith and receive just like
a child would receive.'That's what I
heard the Lord say. And I see these
children; they're so easily able to
receive it. They don't have any doubt.
Doubt is taught because of life
circumstances, but a child believes
without doubt. They just believe. 'We're
going to get that for you.''Okay,
Dad.'They
just trust. He said, 'Come to me as
the children would come to
you.'Like
trust.
Disappointment comes in because you let
them
down, but
I'm telling you, come to God like
this child. I see the wave. I hear
the wave. And it will
come on the hill with the
greatest outpouring. This greatest
well—I
see people coming to
Jesus.
Remember even with Jesus, he didn't
heal the saved; he healed the
sinner.
It's the goodness of God that brings men
to repentance, and his goodness and
mercy will flow over me.
I see gold coins
raining down.
This represents
finances—a
supernatural outpouring of finances.
My cup runneth over. I see plants
and
seeds you've sowed. The seeds you sowed
will come to pass at last.
The harvest is plentiful. The
sacrificial seed you sowed will
come to pass at last. Now I'm seeing
Asia today. I'm over
Asia. I just got taken from Africa. I'm
in Asia and I see South Korea,
the edge, Taiwan,
and
the edge of China. I see a
glory wave just like I'm talking about
over Africa and over Asia today.
I see the waves of healings and
manifestations over Asia, for I
have not forgotten my Asians.
A great move of my presence
and
the Spirit over Asia,
South America, and these areas.
You'll see it over South Korea.
South Korea
will
be a hub. A major pillar of revival
will spring forth from South Korea and
it will spread throughout China,
Vietnam,
and
all of Asia. A
major move of God will spring forth from
South Korea,
for the Korean people are
interceding and praying.
This great revival will be birthed
out of prayer. I see a major rock.
When
you
toss a rock into the water,
it causes a wave. This is what's
coming forth out of South Korea: a Holy
Ghost rock.
'Upon this rock, I will build my church,
and the gates of hell will not prevail
against it.'That's what he just said.
It's over South Korea.
As this goes,
a wave of the glory through
prayer. It's going to Japan,
North Korea,
Taiwan—it's
going all over.
A wave
goes all around in all
directions. That's what's about to
happen. It's here now; you
just believe it.
As this
happens in South Korea, it even has
an effect on Alaska and
Hawaii—a
tsunami wave of the glory.
It's a hot spot. It will trickle
even over into Russia,
Eastern Russia.
It
affects
China, Russia, and North
Korea.
This
is
the
glory,
birthed
and
fueled by prayer, fired by the Spirit,
ignited with his glory.
It will flow,
the wave of the
presence of the Lord.
It
shows the influence; it's so thick. I
see fire,
I see South Korea. The
glory of the Lord is so thick it looks
like walls.
It's a
saturating and soaking glory all
throughout Asia.
You can
walk inside of the glory of the Lord.
When
you
walk
into this glory, it's thick
and you can remain in it.
It's like
pouring over that oil again.
I
see people laying prostrate all over
the ground. Some
have
been laid out in
the glory for days. The
glory
of
the
Lord
is
so heavy
they'll be slain for a day or two.
You're caught
up in the
presence. You don't need
to eat or drink; you're in the glory.
We've not
experienced what we're about to
experience with the
goodness of God that brings man
to repentance.
It's going to change you from the inside
out. A glory explosion with Shekinah
glory—the
weightiness
of God. The Lord said it will go back to
Brownsville.
For those of you that got to
experience Brownsville, he said it was a
weightiness.
But he said, 'Magnify it by
ten.'Take
what happened at Brownsville and
magnify it by ten.
We've
never experienced what's about
to happen.
People
will
crawl out of bars,
and
it will radiate from these
glory spots.
One will be in Tennessee. I see Perry
in
Cleveland.
It's right on the border.
There's going to be a glory
spot right
where Harvest Church is,
where Billy goes. There's a
glory spot there, and there will
be one
down at the Church of
His Presence with Pastor John
Kilpatrick. They are glory spots again. He
says, 'I'm going to do a great thing in
them.'I
see John
Kilpatrick and I see Perry.
I see John Kilpatrick. I
see the glory on John Kilpatrick. Again, there
are
things that He is working out in
him. He's stirring up revival back in
him. I see a cultivation happening
in John. Pastor John, I
see—like
whenever you take and whip
whipping
cream—there's
a whipping inside of him. He's
stirring up inside of him again. And
it's a cultivation inside of Pastor John
Kilpatrick,
like a stirring, a whipping like
whipping cream. Like when you have a
big bowl, but it's inside of
him;
He said He's cranking it. You know when
you see those old Model T Fords and you
have to crank
them?
The old Model T Ford you have to crank
to start it again. And there's a
starting up inside of him again of
fanning the flame. His youth is
renewed like the eagles, and I'm going
to give him a fountain of youth to
finish the race. That's what the Holy
Ghost said: 'I'm going to finish what I
started
in him.
And I'm going to
stir a new revival in John Kilpatrick
again.
I'm going to stir in him
again.'It's
going to be a whipping,
a stir.
I'm going to give him
a
fresh
anointing again. I can see Pastor John
Kilpatrick and He's going to give him a
fresh fire.
He's dealing with his weight
and his heart,
cleansing
his arteries,
and you're going to see the glory clean.
He's going to have more energy than he's
ever had before. The Lord says, 'I'm
going to give him a fountain of youth
inside of his blood. And I'm going to
cleanse his
arteries.'There's
a cleansing of plaque in his
arteries.
Because of this new blood flow,
he's
going
to
have
a brand new start. He's going
to feel more youth than he's ever
had, for he's been tired. And He's going
to give him a fresh new Holy Ghost fire
on his blood.
It's happening right now as we
speak. A fresh new fire on John
Kilpatrick's blood over his arteries,
his neck, and the flow.
He'll
have more energy than he's
ever had, and he'll live long and finish
strong. He'll see the coming of the
Lord. I hear the Lord say he's not
going home; he's going to live long and
finish strong into his older age.
He's going to do
this with these older generals. I see
it so clear.
There's glory going through his veins
right now:
his heart,
his arteries,
and
his legs. He needs strength in
his legs and his knees.
I see
strength in his calves
and
his thighs so he can stand up and
preach longer, for these services will
last longer.
He's renewing
everything—a
Holy Ghost fire going
through his body.
And this will go through his wife,
too.
They'll be acting
like their youth,
chasing each other around the house like
new kids.
'Hey, I feel good
today!'and
a youth. But He said, 'The glory sustained Moses, and
the glory will
sustain
my elders
today.'The
glory will sustain the
elders like I sustained Moses.
His body didn't grow old;
his eyes didn't fade
because the glory was on Moses.
I'm
going to do that with my elders;
I need them as pioneers of faith.
Now, some of
them don't want to yield to it and
they're going to go home. But there
are
certain ones I need as key figures for
what's about to come. They've lived it
once, and they'll know what to do with
it again. I'm going to give them a
new mindset concerning this. Things they
messed up with in the past, they won't
repeat.
They'll
come with a fresh vision and fresh
outlook on what I'm about to do. And
he's going to visit the islands
throughout Hawaii. All the islands
are glowing with the glory. There's
a
key church in Honolulu—there's a key
church in Honolulu.
The Lord said, 'I'm
about to visit
you.'There'll
be
new faces rising up
in
Australia—young
ones,
25 or 30 years
old—who
will have a fire like David, and they'll
spread throughout Australia. They'll
have a mega church that grows fast with all
these people coming with revival. I
would even say they're going to use
Hillsong's
building. There'll
be
fresh worship, fresh presence, and a fresh
fragrance out of Australia. New songs
will come up.
It looks like a
flower spreading up—a lily with pistils,
and the sound is
coming up out of this
lily.
The lily has
deep colors of
beautiful purples and
pinks,
with
orange on the tops of
the
stems.
I see music notes
coming up out of this flower.
It's been dry down
there for so
long,
but the Lord
said a great revival's coming to
Australia. A
fragrance
of worship
will come up out of
Australia—a
sweet smell
before Me.
I see a blonde girl,
probably 15 to 19 years old.
She's going to
come with a really big song. She's
a
sandy
blonde
girl.
There's something major about this girl.
She's going to write a
song—heavenly
music coming from
Australia.
Watch for this young girl. She's going
to have a new song
that
will
hit the charts.
The Lord says
a new upload will come to this
girl, and she'll bring heavenly worship
as
a fragrance unto Me.
I
can see where she lives in Australia. He
has an arrow down on the map and he
says she lives right here. Pray for this
area. You pray for her. I see it;
there's a glory on this young girl,
for a great revival will come. That's what
he just said. He said a great
revival will come and the coming of my
son. Now he's highlighted Canada and
creative ideas will come. I see
creative ideas coming to
people in Canada where it seems like the
finances are drying up. You will be a
distribution center for creative ideas,
and I see a well of revival money flow.
You'll help support the money flow,
for there's financial trouble on the
horizon for Canada. A major shaking of
your finances is coming, but God will
sustain. Creative ideas like Joseph's
are
coming,
and it's with tech. I heard the Lord say
it's with tech; it's with a new form of
tech.
Remember what I said concerning Donald,
Don Jr.,
and Eric? A doubling, a tripling of the
wealth of the Trumps. I see the
American Indians.
I see a great revival coming in Arizona
over the American Indians there.
It's like tribal land.
I could see it's over Mexico,
New Mexico,
and
Arizona—a
major move with American
Indians. It even leaks over into
Colorado. I see it like it's all in the
corner.
I hear him say to
you, 'And the glory of the
Lord.'The
glory of the Lord over
the American Indians, and it will spread
into
Oklahoma.
A great revival will come
over the American Indians. Oh, for sure
there
is a glory on them: the Cherokee, the
Choctaw.
Glory to God,
y'all. This is wonderful tonight. This
is wonderful what Jesus is doing. Thank
you, Lord. And
this will go all
throughout England. I see England. He
said, 'I've not forgotten
England.'There
will be a great revival even in
England.
You said, 'Well, that's
everywhere.'Yes,
that's
precisely the point. It's everywhere.
All throughout the Middle East,
I'm telling you, there will even
be
a shaking. I
see
it
again—all
those temples
with the monkeys on them. They're going
to be shaking. There's a major
earthquake coming and the temples in
India. A sign! The Lord said a
sign will come and the temples will be
shaken with false gods and false idols.
And there will be a shaking as a sign
that
a major move of my presence is coming to
this area. A shaking will come
and these false temples and false
gods will be like dust. They're
going to come down; the epicenters
are
over these areas.
Glory to God. I'm telling
you, false gods and false idols are coming
down. It will be a sign. Look for it.
The Lord says, 'For
I'm bringing false gods and false idols
down.'He
said, 'Brandon, now they can't
say you always give negative words,
son.'He's
so funny. I love you; you're
so funny, Lord.
He said, 'Now they can't always
say that you give negative words,
son.'That's
what he just said to me.
It
doesn't
matter if they did, Lord.
I love the way he said it, too. His
voice tone was nice.
I sure love you.
You're such a friend to me.
I'm so excited we were born
for such a time as this. I'm
excited for John Kilpatrick. That was
cool;
that's really neat that he's going to do
that for him. I wonder what he feels
right now. If he's at his house
right now sleeping, he feels the
glory because I saw it happening right
now. It's a renewing as his youth.
He'll be like a brand new man on Sunday.
You'll have a brand new
pastor. He'll be running around that
church. I'm telling you, the glory of
the Lord is restoring him. And the
same with Perry. There'll be things he's
dealing with these men, but it will
spread. I see Perry
will become like this and there's
another person rising up beside him who
is
a lot younger, because
it's going to happen so much with 24-hour-a-day,
seven-day-a-week services.
It won't
just be one person. There's going to be
another one. But the Lord is
going to—for whatever reason, down
here in
Daphne—use
him primarily all the time.
John will be there all the time.
Sometimes he'll be sitting on the
platform
and he'll just sit back and the
glory will be in the service.
I see him just sitting
there in this vision right now.
He's just sitting on the platform
and the glory of the Lord is in there
and the weight of the presence. There's
some laughing, some crying,
some weeping before the Lord.
But there's a glorious presence.
And there's nobody moving in this
place; he's just sitting there.
He doesn't have to say anything. The glory
is just there. That's amazing. I just
saw
it again for this pastor.
And he'll show up in California and there
will
be a great red wave, a great
move of my presence in California. He's
not forgotten California, all on the
coast. And I'm telling you, a move of
God is going to shake Hollywood. It's
going to shake all the way up to Portland,
Oregon. There's going to be a major move
of God once again. For I did it with
John G. Lake and there's a new one
coming. I see a new one coming.
It's like a breathing on the
old for what's about to happen
with the new concerning a
John G. Lake era in Portland, Oregon and all
this area—a great move. And
the liberals are going to
squawk—the
evil, they will squawk—but
they
can't hold back what God is about to
do. And there will be no lack of my glory
upon you.
Glory to God. Lord, is there anything
more?
He said, 'I've saved the best for last,
and I have great things in
store.'That's
what he just asked. 'Is there any
more?'He
said, 'I have great things in
store,
Braden.
I have great things in store
for the
church. They're coming in hot. Be
patient.
Be patient with the babies. They're
coming in. Be patient with my babies,
for I was patient with you. They're
coming in. It's the goodness of God that
will bring them in repentance. You're
going to see it. For this will be the
greatest move of my presence. Once
again, he's emptying the silos.